Adds text-notes to video taken at Trust Berlin event (#64)
dat-land/comm-comm: meeting-notes/19_1-05May2019_trust.md

- Persist metadata in hypertrie

It works/uses kappa

Concept: Party
- A Party is an abstraction to provide multi-writer capability by grouping and replicating feeds that belongs to the same party.
- It follows a set of replication rules known as: Party rules.

The modules will soon be opensourced (a few weeks maybe?) on the [github repository](https://github.com/wirelineio).

## [Gina](https://github.com/whoisgina) - 2h37m10

I work at a design studio called [rumo.rs](https://rumo.rs) and I am a designer & frontend developer.

I organize the DATNight event in portland, oregon which is I want to keep democratic and together with the community I want to sellect.

We had 3 events:

1. Traditional event at Mozilla. Which I wanted to make a little tacticle showing a few problems.
2. Danielle Robinson was speaking about DAT in science.
3. Study hall, free-form event with a small intro in the beginning. With more information.

I would love to talk to everyone and for people to join the discussion.

## [Ranger Mauve](https://github.com/rangermauve) - 2h42m25

Karissa: Ranger Mauve was active on the internet and we're like: we should probably figure out how we should pay Ranger Mauve

> In "Snowcursh" they had this cool idea of "Megaverse" - a 90s idea of a VR cyberspace. The nice idea was that the system was local. Compared to the current VR ecosystem that is very isolated. The SDK's are all proprietary and the corporate systems etc. and I have been looking at other systems in the web VR space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In "Snowcrash" they had this cool idea of "Metaverse" - a 90s VR cyberspace. The idea was that the system was local. Compared to the current VR ecosystem that is based on servers and siloed. The SDK's are all proprietary and the corporate systems etc. and I have been looking at other systems in the web VR space.
```

> CryptoVoxels is this cool game we made. Obviously VR in the web isn't that big of a thing. What this does is connect it in a multi-player environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a demo using Aframe for multiplayer. Obviously VR in the web isn't that big of a thing, but what this does is connect it in a multi-player environment.
```
